Kijiwe said:
My adsense account was banned, I delete the account but my channel still showing me that it is connected with disabled account, is there a way to fix it?

Expert reply:
i don't think there is any way i know of, yet, to fix that. make a new account.

Pricante said:
What is the maximum number of tags you use for your videos?

Expert reply:
i don't even use tags and hashtags. The algorithm is smart enough to "recognize" the "substance" of your content, and place it in the right category.
we live in an era of Advanced artificial intelligence from google's deepmind. it can understand and reason, just like us humans.

MgicalaEarner said:
So uploading shorts from mobile or pc? does it matter uploading from a specific device ?

Expert reply:
as far as i know it does not matter. But if you spam or do low quality content, you will get limited either way, regardless of the type of device being used.

ken017 said:
Why do some shorts get 0 views?

Expert reply:
could be due to the following:
1. the channel is shadow-banned. (figure the cause).
2. algorithm cycles. (you will eventually get views later if you keep posting despite the low views).
3. all content posted will not get equal views, YouTube is constantly distributing views to different channels. so many people post new content and make new channels all the time.
so monitor your competitor's channels. they might be posting in similar niches and stealing your views. so you make new channels to steal their views and beat them again.
the YT algorithm has to fairly distribute views to all creator channels. so the more the competition that enters, the smaller the distribution pie of each creator will become.
4. you can post your shorts to new channel/channels, to test if it gets more views, and most often it will work. because YouTube does not always give views because the "content is good",
but instead the algorithm randomly picks a video on your channel and decides to give it more views, even if it is worse than other videos you have.
so you can confirm these by experimental tests.

DarrellTreyTrey said:
1 video a day seems like a useful metric for maximizing individual reach.
posting during peak hours is another thing that seems effective as well.

Expert reply:
correct. it's because there seems to be no difference of uploading 1 video a day vs 5 videos a day. once the algorithm recognizes your schedule and pattern, your daily views will get distributed anyway.
uploading more videos might be a good way to get into the algorithm at first, but once you are in it, there's no real point of uploading many a day.
if your daily limit is 100k views, whether you upload 1 video or 5 videos, the views will still be distributed.
if you upload 1 video, it will get 100k views. if you upload 5, the 100k views will be distributed across all.
this is based on all the tests i have done so far.
if you really want to upload 5 to 10 videos and get 100k views or max reach on each, then it's much better to upload to 10 channels lol.

OldWalnut said:
What would you say is the best niche on youtube to get involved with?

Expert reply:
try cashcow niches related to travel and tourism(best places to visit), documentaries, tech news, celeb news .etc. they work.
ken017 said:
Thats good to know. Im reuploading reddit vids with a script (sometimes i generate vids myself). Its within the meme-niche.
Im also using undetected-selenium and a server to upload the vids. I dont get any captcha, but im worried it might influence the algo.
Also do you know of the best way to bypass nsfw restrictions on yt? Some thumbnails got taked down. And im trying to do the worth it meme challenge. Are there any tricks that still work with boosting a video, with either buying views, un and re-listing videos ect.

Expert reply:
best thing to do is to switch niches. don't waste much time with reddit niche, as i've done plenty of research on this topic and lately most people have been reporting problems in that niche, related to demonetizations and shadowbans.
try some other cashcow niches that will work long term without problems.

metalgear01 said:
Hello and thanks.
1-Is there any excisting method to tweak algorythm ? I dont talk about SMM, everyone know its all shit nowadays. But maybe is there a method ? create own network of yt accounts and boost instant the video once its posted.
2-Is there a real benefit to post shorts from PC to add hashtag to shorts ?
3-Do you think some channel have boost from Youtube colleague as we can see in some countries like India ? We can sometimes see first video : 20M views.
4-I posted very high quality short but only have 1K views for the moment, do you think with time and by posting very often im gonna reach more and more views ?

Expert reply:
1. SMM is not bad. people spread misinformation to mislead you from success. you need to use the right service or right combination of services to have an effect.
for the bot thing, better to pay some developer to make a custom bot. now that you have AI, you can power the bot with AI so that it can behave like a human and perform action randomizations.
since chat gpt understands whatever you tell it, you just need some open source version of that LLM to communicate with it and make it understand what you need. then it will power your viewbot.
then your dev needs to optimize the bot to use less resources, and in a way where every view will work with either, an isolated anti detect browser session or VM instance. once the bot is built, you can deploy it on a strong vps to send views.
assign a different ip to each instance.
2. no benefit. and no need to even add hashtag. you will still get recommended if content is good.
3. it is possible that some channels who are doing some shady niches in India are getting YouTube employees who they know, to whitelist their channel in the algorithm from problems. employees at YT get bribed.
4. yes by posting more often you can get more views.

SarthakNigam said:
youtube.com/@HotHitsHindi-tm8iu/videos (channel less than 1 month old and is monetised)
uploading bollywood hindi songs same as other channels uploading movies
( please dont answer like this is churn and burn or this channel will soon be demonetised because that does not happen . PROOF(very old channel): youtube.com/@HeroMovies2023/about )
what method are they using ?
AND ALSO i asked youtube on twitter about these channels . they NEVER replied:D

Expert reply:
yes don't listen to most people got to tell you on here , for example, about churn and burn channels or grandfathered channels, they don't really know what they are talking about.
it does not work that way. even if you use grandfathered channels, it's a myth that it will stay monetized, because AI can instantly scan for re-used content and demonetize you.
it does not matter how big or old your channel is. I've tested this.
now to the following methods are what i know, which these people might be using:
1. bribing YouTube employees to whitelist their channel. since those are Indians, they potentially either work for YT and run their own side channels in stealth or they might be bribing YouTube employees to whitelist.
2. using their own private CMS and whitelisting their channel, until the CMS gets taken down.
3. special underground deal with someone inside YT and they will be left untouched for years as long as that person is in power inside YT offices.
4. recently a method was posted her on BHW, regarding uploading copyright videos like movies, without needing any edits at all. upload the movie as it is and then you copy paste a certain description and dispute the copyright block. then the copyright block gets successfully removed and then you can farm money until you get manual take down.

Fourie said:
I lost 90% impression in a month. I can understand what happened? Tôi upload content, and livestream everday, connect viewer with community. I also haven't change (keyword,title,description,.). Can you tell my why?

Expert reply:
i can try to find out why.
1. whats the length of each livestream you run? is it longer than 17 hours?
2. secondly it's possible for it to be a shadowan or algorithm cycles. you might need to rest your channel for 3 months without doing anything, and wait for the algorithm to reset and then when you stream again, you will get views.
and if it's the problem described in point 2, please refer to this thread i made, for all the potential reasons behind the mysterious shadowban:
https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/y...evidence-supporting-it.1502800/#post-16457702

MehtaM said:
Multiple channels of mine stopped getting views on Shorts completely. All channels are on different IP.
They are phone verified.
What happened? And how to get out of it?

Expert reply:
potential reasons, which you can use as a reference, for the purpose of narrowing down and troubleshooting the problem (based on my experience history):
1. you might be having multiple channels on the same pc and with different ips associated to each channel (perhaps different browser profiles), but there may have been some fingerprint leak that google might have tracked. so then, they would have been able to recognize that all channels were accessed from the same PC.
2. you might be using different vms assigned with different ips for each channel, BUT, if your WiFi modem accessed by the host PC is the same, google might be able to track that, which represents a common fingerprint.
for this the solution is to configure a virtual router using Linux vm and channel your other vm's internet data through this virtual Linux router vm, to prevent IP leaks and the conceal the information of the main router.
easiest solution for this is, to use a different vps per channel to be 101% sure without breaking your head.
3. you might have multiple channels completely isolated to different vpses and ips, BUT what if all channels have the same phone number or recovery mails. that is another way it could get linked.
this is a mistake my friends once made when they were trying to isolate channels. any linking factor is enough to cause problems.
so use different phone numbers and recovery mails for each channel.
4. it is possible that YouTube may have shadowbanned the niche itself, due to trend abuse. that could explain why the "co-incidental" drop in views across all your channels. so all other channels in the same niche, should also have lower views than usual. you can confirm this by tracking other competitor channels within the same niche. if they still have more views, and only you have lesser views, then you can narrow down the problem and confirm that, most likely, google somehow found a way to track you and link all your channels.
but if you and others in the same niche, still have low views for a long period, then the most likely best explanation is, YT probably shadowbanned the niche due to trend abuse.
5. if your channels, and your competitor channels are all getting low views, it is also possible that, it is just a temporary algorithm issue/glitch, which usually fixes itself after a few weeks.(experienced this many times so wait for few weeks and be patient to see if things change).
sometimes it is possible that, because many channels are being made in the same niche, google will have to start distributing views to others aswell, so that everyone gets a fair chance, and your channels will undergo "a waiting period", or "algorithm cycles", while other channels get views, and if you are still consistent despite the drop in views, a few months later, your channels will start getting views again.
a way to battle this problem is, to keep making new channels to steal more views (fresh channels get fresh cycles), while "resting" your other channels that are dead, for a period of 3 months, and returning back to them later.
every time you experience dead channels, immediately create new channels and start working with them, and return to your dead channels later, after "the shadowban is lifted" or "the algorithm resets".
6. if you can narrow down the problem and recognize that, it is your niche itself, which is shadowbanned, then find a new trend and ride the wave again.
hope this has given you sufficient insights, to solve your problems.

DarrellTreyTrey said:
How did you test the view threshold theory you have?
Also, do you think there is a 3 hour view window? I have been looking to see and it seems the view window is based on when you're subscribers are active.

Expert reply:
i've experienced the effect of, the distribution of views across multiple channels when they were somehow associated.
secondly, there seems to be a monthly, "earning cap" and "view cap" on channels. they seem to be in around the same range, when you compare them with other channels in your niche. it's like they've given you a capped threshold of earning & views.
hence people scale with multiple channels in order to bypass such limits.

onlinemarketer12 said:
Should we post shorts and long form content on same channel ?

Expert reply:
yes you can if it is in the same niche. first post a lot of shorts until you gain massive traffic and growth, and then start posting long form videos in the same niche and eventually, it will hit browse features and a lot of your subs will see it, plus it will also get recommended to new people, because the channel is already in the algorithm.
 Like Quote ReplyReport
